This repository contains the code I used in my thesis to explore the optimization of graph theoretic transport characteristics. I optimize the transition matrix representation of graphs subject to constraints. The constraints that a matrix is a representation of a graph is that it is stochastic matrix. Furthermore, important constraints to a graph are number of cycles and fixed average degree (that is the number of neighbors of a node). I explore optimizing the transport characteristics for undirected random graphs and directed random graphs, both of which will be only parametrized by the average degree. This codebase is written in C and uses GSL (GNU Scientific Library) and NLOpt (Non-Linear Optimization library). The thesis is about search optimization on the string landscape when considering bounces through AdS vacua, that universes crunching into a black hole. In string theory, vacua are complex objects characterized by string compactification and defines the low energy theory one measures. The low energy theory is then described by a familiar machinery of quantum field theory. The cosmological history of an observer is calculated using general relativity, and is chiefly driven by the value of the vacuum energy. An observer tied to a geodesic is called a watcher, which passes through many vacua, in the eternal inflation model of the universe. One could consider an ensemble of watchers, define an appropriate measure, and therefore a probability distribution of low energy QFTs measured by watchers. The driving question of the thesis is what is the a priori probability distribution for the vacuum energy in the low energy QFTs. In our universe, an extremely small but fine-tuned cosmological constant has been measured, which is nearly exactly equal to the mass density of the universe. Such a fine-tuned value motivates a statistical physics and criticality approach to understanding the vacuum energy.